Revise census metrics to reflect current reality (#547)
mozilla/firefox-data-docs: src/concepts/history.md

# A brief history of Firefox data collection

> This section was originally included in the [Project Smoot existing metrics report][smootv1]

> (Mozilla internal link), but has since been extensively modified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(Mozilla internal link); the DTMO version has been updated to reflect changes to the data platform.
```

Installs](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=812282) (ADI) by
2012.

> As of August 2020, this mechanism has been superseded by a [Remote

Reviewer 2: Could change this to Fx72, which is when the staged rollout of the remote settings-based implementation started, or Fx73 when the new implementation became the default.

Author: Sounds good, I think just referencing 73 is sufficient context.

> As of August 2020, this mechanism has been superseded by a [Remote

Author: @emsyth wdyt?

```suggestion
As of Firefox 73 (released February 11, 2020), this mechanism has been superseded by a [Remote
```

Reviewer 2: lgtm
